What gift? I don't know what gift.
Lin Dong, Zhang Li suddenly said yesterday,
I need to prepare a gift for the teacher. Don't you know?
I really don't know. Then even if I am ready now,
It’s too late. Stop trespassing.
From childhood to adulthood, there are eight gifts that come to your doorstep.
Wherever you go is not a gift from the teacher?
It is expensive for students to attend. I don't know if you are ready.
Where is Feitian? Tell me,
It must be intentional. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Not only did he let down his teacher’s many years of education,
It also became a flipped
It’s simply different if you don’t pursue it.
I thought so on this day
This is unreasonable and ineffective
You are really amazing
Do it again
They are all footsuckers from all walks of life.
We all know that we should focus on myself and be quiet.
You are a small class father-in-law
That's very noble
I feel like this is zero movement
It should be that they actually spent some money
You see, she has been revived from top to bottom.
I dare to come to the class reunion.
You still don't have to get up with this kind of thing
Then every day the wind blows and the morning comes
You're like three or four thousand, right?
It’s been eight years since the last year in his class
How rich is he still raising this person now?
They all made it a point to bring their own gifts.
Now Chang has switched to Quangu Go
If this gift is stolen
But it can't be stolen